Paragrapgh 1
hey babe so I know you must be wondering why I'm writing you a letter instead of just telling you this in person but I wanted to make sure I got everything right and didn't miss anything important that i want to say to you.

Paragraph 2
I feel like its nice to show appreciation for things and people in your life and I feel like I don't do that enough with you. You're such an amazing person and I'm so lucky to have you in my life. You're beautiful, smart, funny, and kind. You're genuiley an amazing girlfriend and I'm so grateful for everything you do for me.
I wish i could give you the world you genuiley deserve so much I know thats probably a repetitve thing I say but god baby you really do deserve the world and way more <3

Paragraph 3
I love you so much and I can't wait to see what the future holds for us. I'm so excited to continue growing with you and to see all the amazing things that we will accomplish together. Yo`u're my best friend, my soulmate, and the love of my life. I'm so grateful to have you by my side Im truly the luckiest man in the world.

Paragraph 4
I know I'm not perfect and I know I have my flaws but I promise you that I will always love you and I will always be there for you. You're the most important person in my life and I can't imagine my life without you I seriously cant. I love you more than words can say nor describe.

Paragraph 5
I still wonder to this day how I got so lucky to have you in my life. You're such an amazing person and I'm so grateful for everything you do for me.

Paragraph 6
I never ever had a friend or partner who I could be my true self around without feeling judged or insecure. You're the first person who has ever made me feel truly loved and accepted for who I am. I'm so grateful to have you in my life.

Paragraph 7
i love how creative you are and how you always manage to suprise me with all your cute gifts that you make me or the things you do for me. You're such an inspiration to me and I hope i can be the same for you.

Paragraph 8
Even if we have dated for two years I still get butterflies in my stomach when I see you. You're still the most beautiful woman I've ever seen and I fall in love with you more every day. I can't wait to see what the future holds for us and I'm so excited to continue growing with you and to see all the amazing things that we will accomplish together. You're my best friend, my soulmate, and the love of my life. I'm so grateful to have you by my side Im truly the luckiest man in the world.

Paragrapgh 9
Now i have an very big question for you, it may be obvious but I still wanted to make it special and actually reminice from the past from when i made you a website for yo but this is a little upgrade :)))0

Paragraph 10
So...............

Paragraph 11
Soooooooooooooooo

Paragrapgh 12
SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO

Paragrapgh 13 
Will you be my valentine. 

Yes / No